Add MV3 samples to Design the User Interface (#2384)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/mv3/manifest/icons/index.md

layout: "layouts/doc-post.njk"
title: "Manifest - Icons"
date: 2013-05-12
updated: 2022-04-25
description: Reference documentation for the icons property of manifest.json.
---

One or more icons that represent the extension or theme. You should always provide a 128x128 icon;
it's used during installation and by the Chrome Web Store. Extensions should also provide a 48x48
icon, which is used in the extensions management page (chrome://extensions). You can also specify a
16x16 icon to be used as the favicon for an extension's pages.

Icons should generally be in PNG format, because PNG has the best support for transparency. They
can, however, be in any raster format supported by Blink, including BMP, GIF, ICO, and JPEG. 

{% Aside 'caution' %}

> 

Reviewer: In the extensions docs we've normalized on using an extra newline before and after the open and closing Aside tags.

For the most part this whitespace has no effect on how the aside is rendered. The only exception is that putting text on the line immediately following the closing tag will cause that text to not _not_ be wrapped in a paragraph tag. IMO this is a bug.

**Markdown**

![Screen Shot 2022-04-27 at 2 13 28 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1047763/165632309-06d119d2-4cc0-4d2b-8ae1-411db8ebbcb1.png)

**Rendered**

![Screen Shot 2022-04-27 at 2 13 14 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1047763/165632400-832afbc0-2672-491f-a550-a33aaa33c845.png)

**DOM tree**

![Uploading Screen Shot 2022-04-27 at 2.14.01 PM.png…]()

description: Reference documentation for the icons property of manifest.json.
---

One or more icons that represent the extension or theme. You should always provide a 128x128
icon; it's used during installation and by the Chrome Web Store. Extensions should also provide a
48x48 icon, which is used in the extensions management page (chrome://extensions). You can also
specify a 16x16 icon to be used as the favicon for an extension's pages.

Icons should generally be in PNG format, because PNG has the best support for transparency. They

> can, however, be in any format supported by WebKit, including BMP, GIF, ICO, and JPEG. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can, however, be in any format supported by Blink, including BMP, GIF, ICO, and JPEG. 
```

> can, however, be in any format supported by WebKit, including BMP, GIF, ICO, and JPEG. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can, however, be in any raster format supported by Blink, including BMP, GIF, ICO, and JPEG. 
```
